fix and improve content on reference pages of table elements (#27958)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/th/index.md

This element includes the [global attributes](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes).

- `abbr`
  - : Contains a short abbreviated description of the header cell's content. Some user-agents, such as speech readers, may present this description before the content itself.
- `colspan`
  - : Contains a non-negative integer value that indicates for how many columns the header cell extends. Its default value is `1`. Values higher than 1000 will be considered as incorrect and will be set to the default value (`1`).
- `headers`
  - : Contains a list of space-separated strings, each corresponding to the `id` attribute of the `<th>` elements that apply to this element.
- `rowspan`
  - : Contains a non-negative integer value that indicates for how many rows the header cell extends. Its default value is `1`; if its value is set to `0`, it extends until the end of the table section ({{HTMLElement("thead")}}, {{HTMLElement("tbody")}}, {{HTMLElement("tfoot")}}, even if implicitly defined), that the cell belongs to. Values higher than 65534 are clipped down to 65534.
- `scope`

>   - : Defines the cells that the header (defined in the `<th>`) element relates to. Possible {{Glossary("enumerated", "enumerated")}} values are:

Author: Is this sentence also true for the `rowgroup` and `colgroup` values or is it just referring to `row` and `col`?

>   - : Defines the cells that the header (defined in the `<th>`) element relates to. Possible {{Glossary("enumerated", "enumerated")}} values are:

Reviewer: oh, i might have made a mistake here. Let me check and get back to you.

>   - : Defines the cells that the header (defined in the `<th>`) element relates to. Possible {{Glossary("enumerated", "enumerated")}} values are:

Reviewer: the original was correct; deleted my suggested error. Thank you. Sorry about that.

For more complex relationships between header cells, using `th` elements with the [`scope`](#scope) attribute alone may not be sufficient for assistive technologies, especially screen readers.

#### HTML

To improve the {{Glossary("accessibility", "accessibility")}} of the [previous example](#column_and_row_spanning) and to allow screen readers, for example, to speak the headers associated with each header cell, the [`headers`](#headers) attribute can be introduced along with [`id`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/id) attributes. Because of the way the "Pronunciation" column is split into two columns in the example, introducing a "two row" header, assistive technologies such as screen readers may not be able to identify which additional header cells (`th` elements) the "Pronunciation" header cell is related to and vice versa. Therefore, the [`headers`](#headers) attribute is used on the "Pronunciation", "IPA", and "Respelling" header cells to associate the related header cells based on the values of the unique identifiers from the added [`id`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/id) attributes in the form of a space-separated list.

> > **Note:** It's recommended to use a more unique value for the [`id`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/id) attribute. The `id` values are kept simple in this example to focus on the concept of the [`headers`](#headers) attribute.

Author: as suggested previously:
```suggestion
> **Note:** It's recommended to use more descriptive and useful values for the [`id`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/id) attribute. Each `id` in a document must be unique to that document. In this example, the `id` values are single characters to maintain focus on the concept of the [`headers`](#headers) attribute.
```
